fixed an issue where test-module failed with oauth process. (#34871)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_15_12.md

#### Scripts

##### FailedInstances

> - Fixed an issue where the script failed when an integration is configured with OAuth flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the script failed when a ServiceNow v2 instance was configured with OAuth flow enabled.
```
